The way you like someone
No one knows better than me
Gu Zijun, do you still think I was
That little girl walking behind your butt?
I don't like you anymore.
Do you hear me?
My mom is sick
He misses you.
I'll go to my aunt's side.
But I don't want to see you there.
Miaomiao
Here you are, auntie, it's me
It's Luo Luo
I studied abroad before
I didn't hear until I came back that you were sick.
My old problem is no big deal
It's all the Fourth Army, they make a fuss
Don't let me leave the hospital to worry about you?
Uncle, they are also for your good.
I know their good intentions
But people always feel that they are dragging them down
aunt
How can anyone feel that their mother is a burden?
Don't think too much.
Don't say this
Nuo girl, how have you been abroad all these years?
Are you not wronged?